and we go with the most important moments
of this grand finale of the recopa that has
propitiated the night barcelonista to the goal
of the Liege standard that the
overest of the jon score
barcelona that had the party
uphill a lack that is cahan and
that the medium go der míster pushes the
network was the beginning of the game and the
barcelona had to solve the ballot
uphill quini and punt clearance
to proudhon's corner
the barcelona reacted
and with the final uphill it was stirring
to produce a change in the score
auction of symbols in and quini that no
comes by little
days
the tie that returned the illusions the
small without conscience advances to the goal
Belgian and draw on the scoreboard
repetition of the extraordinary play
esteban service malagueño
fully recovered from his past
injury
we are in the second part that is the
the lack of moratalla is missing
an electric fault not seen almost and the
barge hunters here or put the
goal that would be the final 2 to 1 and
would be the second recopa for the
Barcelona
backlash of barcelona by means of
estebanía and they see urruti that safe to
a goal almost sung when the Belgians
they had all the possibilities for
tie the match the two goal scorers
skinny simonsen on a wall where
forgiveness resolves
and we say goodbye with these images of the
stellar moments of the game a
party that has meant the big night in
the FC Barcelona champion of the Recopa